<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">Will this crazy world of ours eventually come to an end</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="Will this crazy world of ours eventually come to an end" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.creator" content="Owner"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2015-03-16T11:37:00" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-10-21T10:30:03.670000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:center ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; font-weight:bold; }
    .P10 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P11 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P12 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:center ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P13 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P14 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:center ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P15 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P16 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P17 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P18 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:center ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; font-weight:bold; }
    .P2 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; font-weight:bold; }
    .P3 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; font-weight:bold; }
    .P4 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; font-weight:bold; }
    .P5 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:center ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P6 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P7 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P8 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P9 { color:#000000; font-size:13pt; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .T1 { color:#000000; vertical-align:super; font-size:58%;font-weight:bold; }
    .T10 { color:#000000; }
    .T11 { color:#000000; }
    .T12 { color:#000000; }
    .T13 { color:#000000; font-weight:normal; }
    .T14 { color:#000000; font-weight:bold; }
    .T16 { font-weight:bold; }
    .T2 { color:#000000; font-weight:bold; }
    .T3 { color:#000000; font-weight:bold; }
    .T4 { color:#000000; }
    .T5 { color:#000000; }
    .T6 { color:#000000; }
    .T7 { color:#000000; }
    .T8 { color:#000000; font-weight:normal; }
    .T9 { color:#000000; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol .T15 .T17  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:21.001cm;margin-top:0.6cm; margin-bottom:0.6cm; margin-left:0.6cm; margin-right:0.6cm; "><p class="P18">Will this crazy world of ours eventually come to an end?</p><p class="P1">If God exists what is he doing about it?</p><p class="P5"> </p><p class="P14"><span class="T2">(A 21</span><span class="T1">st</span><span class="T2"> century presentation of the gospel)</span></p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P8">It does not take an expert to figure out we have gone past the point of no-return on many fronts: collapsing economy, rampant unemployment, unaffordable housing, aging population, endemic corruption, government gridlock, <span class="T15">extreme weather patterns, increasing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions</span>, epidemics, pollution, sexual abuse, wars, illegal immigration, <span class="T17">reappearance of slavery just </span>to name a few...</p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">If God cares about us, why does he allow so much suffering and inequality?</p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P6">The Lord is not slow in keeping his promise, as some understand slowness. He is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance. (2 Pet 3:9 NIV)  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, (Rom 3:23 NIV)  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P15"><span class="T3">For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life</span><span class="T4">. (John 3:16 NIV)</span></p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">The sun will be turned to darkness and the moon to blood before the coming of the great and glorious day of the Lord and everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved. (Acts 2:20-21 NIV)  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back and take you to be with me that you also may be where I am. (John 14:3 NIV)  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P7">Christ was sacrificed once to take away the sins of many people; and he will appear a second time, not to bear sin, but to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him. (Heb 9:28 NIV)  </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">Since you have kept my command to endure patiently, I will also keep you from the hour of trial that is going to come upon the whole world to test those who live on the earth. (Rev 3:10 NIV)  </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">At that time the sign of the Son of Man will appear in the sky, and all the nations of the earth will mourn. They will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of the sky, with power and great glory. And he will send his angels with a loud trumpet call, and they will gather his elect from the four winds, from one end of the heavens to the other. (Mat 24:30-31 NIV)  </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P2">Every prophecy in the Old Testament about the life, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ was fulfilled exactly. Therefore you can be assured the prophecies about his second coming will also be fulfilled exactly. </p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P16"><span class="T8">Thousand of years ago the bible accurately predicted what we call today political correctness: </span><span class="T6">Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. (Isa 5:20 NIV) Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. Furthermore, since they did not think it worthwhile to retain the knowledge of God, he gave them over to a depraved mind, to do what ought not to be done. </span><span class="T7">(</span><span class="T6">Rom 1:26-28) </span></p><p class="P10"> </p><p class="P17"><span class="T9">There is a fork in the road ahead. God will deal with 3 groups of people separately: the </span><span class="T13">body of Christ, the Jews and the enemies of Israel. </span><span class="T9">The </span><span class="T13">body of Christ</span><span class="T14"> </span><span class="T9">are those who have an active relationship with Jesus through rich devotion and a </span><span class="T10">vibrant</span><span class="T9"> prayer life. They will suddenly be raptured (aka kidnapped) by God unto himself. It has happened before for a handful of folks in history ie Enoch, Elijah and Jesus himself </span><span class="T9">after the resurrection. That will scare the daylight out of all those left behind who will have to debrief themselves with unbiblical wacky explanations... Some nominal Christians who love their lifestyle more than God will be shocked. The persecuted churches gone underground in Iran, China, North Korea, etc... will finally be out of harm’</span><span class="T11">s way</span><span class="T9">. The Holy Spirit who dwells within the believers will also be removed which will allow for the antichrist to be revealed. He will be a deceitful charismatic but demonized world leader who will unite mankind into a one world government (dictatorship – not democracy) with a one world mandatory religion. Taking his mark of allegiance will allow you to buy and sell at the cost of eternal damnation. Refusing will be cause for beheading but if you call on the name of Jesus, you will be ushered into the bosom of God. Those who practice Judaism worldwide will be persecuted and will have to flee to Israel. </span><span class="T12">Ezekiel chapter 38 makes a stunning prediction about Israel being invaded from the north by a coalition of Turkey, Russia and Iran. A few years ago it would have been </span><span class="T5">inconceivable </span><span class="T12">to imagine those 3 unlikely bedfellows all milling around militarily in Syria. But the Jews</span><span class="T9"> will be supernaturally protected by God and will finally understand that the Messiah and Jesus Christ are one and the same person. Those embracing this position</span><span class="T11"> </span><span class="T9">are messianic Jews. Their increasing number is yet another sign.</span></p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P13">If you are neither Jew nor Christian this is your time of decision. You can spare yourself the coming upheaval culminating in the battle of Armageddon by repenting of your sins and inviting Jesus into your heart. God the Father hears your prayers and will meet you where you're at. This religion of <span class="T16">undeserved love</span> is in sharp contrast with the religion of the sword <span class="T15">or crescent moon </span>where you are always under duress to comply. There is a way out. Call on the name of Jesus while you still have a chance.</p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom. (Prov 9:10a NIV) Every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father. (Phil 2:10-11 NIV)  </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">Whether you do it wilfully or under duress is up to you. Yes God is compassionate, slow to anger, full of mercy, etc.… but he also does not compromise with sin – which is the root rebellion of mankind. You can be reconciled to God under his terms – not your own, which means not all religions are the same.</p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">I am the way and the truth and the life. <span class="T16">No one comes to the Father except through me</span>. (John 14:6 NIV)</p><p class="P7">So, because you are lukewarm – neither hot nor cold – I am about to spit you out of my mouth. You say, 'I am rich; I have acquired wealth and do not need a thing.' But you do not realise that you are wretched, pitiful, poor, blind and naked. I counsel you to buy from me gold refined in the fire, so you can become rich; and white clothes to wear, so you can cover your shameful nakedness; and salve to put on your eyes, so you can see. Those whom I love I rebuke and discipline. So be earnest, and repent. Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with him, and he with me. (Rev 3:16-20 NIV)  </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P7">The gospel of Matthew ends with this: Then Jesus came to them and said, "All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me. Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. <span class="T16">And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age</span>." (Mat 28:18-20 NIV) </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P9"><span class="T16">Behold, I am coming soon! My reward is with me</span>, and I will give to everyone according to what he has done. (Rev 22:12 NIV) <span class="T16">And without faith it is impossible to please God</span>, because anyone who comes to him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those who earnestly seek him. (Heb 11:6 NIV) </p><p class="P4"> </p><p class="P11"><span class="T16">Jesus himself bore our sins in his body on the cross</span>, so that, free from sins, we might live for righteousness; by his wounds we have been healed. (1 Pet 2:24 NIV)</p><p class="P11"> </p><p class="P11"> </p><p class="P12">If you confess with your mouth, <span class="T16">"Jesus is Lord," </span></p><p class="P12">and believe in your heart that <span class="T16">God raised him from the dead, </span></p><p class="P12"><span class="T16">you will be saved</span>. (Rom 10:9 NIV)</p></body></html>